# flight_fare_prediction

Creating the environment

```
conda create -p flight_fare_prediction python==3.7 -y
```

Activating the environement

```
conda activate flight_fare_prediction/
```

Installing libraraies written in requirements.txt

```
pip install -r requirements.txt 
```

To ignore a file , write its name inside gitignore so that it should not be on the github

To check Git Status

```
git status
```

To push some files onto the github.

```
git add <filename> 
```    

Or to add all files into github    

```
git add . 
```


Used to see the versions

```
git log
```

To create or save changes/versions 

```
git commit -m "<any message>"
```


To send the changes to gitub 

```
git push origin <branch_name>
```

To check remote url

```
git remote -v
```

To setup CI/CD Pipeline in heroku we need 3 informations

1. HEROKU_EMAIL :   
2. HEROKU_API_KEY :
3. HEROKU_APP_NAME: 


Create a Dockerfile inside main directory and write the code there for the configuration of virtual machine

Also create .dockerignore to ignore environment,.git and .gitignore

BUILD DOCKER IMAGE

```
docker build -t <image_name>:<tagname> .
```

Note : Image name for docker should must be in lowercase


To list dockerimages

```
docker images
```

Run docker image

```
docker run -p 5000:5000 -e PORT =5000 <docker image id>
```

To check running container in docker

```
docker ps
```

To stop docker container

```
docker stop <container id>
```
Now , set the changes to github.

Create a folder named .github.Inside it create "workflows" folder and inside workflows create main.yaml.This main.yaml will trigger the deployment whenever we'll push codes to "main" branch. 

Push the files.

Paste the code of heroku into this main.yaml file .
Then go to the git hub repository -> Settings->Secrets->Actions. Here add 3 repository secrets. 

1.HEROKU_API_KEY
2.HEROKU_APP_NAME
3.HEROKU_EMAIL

After that go to Actions then rerun all jobs in the job that got failed.

Thus we have formed a CI/CD pipeline.

Open the app from Heroku app link. It will be deployed.

Every time you will send the code to github it will be continuously send to heroku and will be simultaneously deployed.

Create housing folder.
Create setup.py file and configure it for requirements.txt file and our package

Run this setup.py
Using 

```
python setup.py install
```


"e ." is used to install housing folder


Make all folders inside housing and each folder create __init__.py file

And fill logging and exception folders first


Install ipykernel to run a jupyter notebook

We are using jupyter notebook to check the code that is to be written finally into our project to use it we must install ipykernel

```
pip install ipykernel
```


Filling the entity folder to define entities


Now making an ".yaml" inside config folder . Config folder inside main directory.".yaml" file to store our database coming from url...


Basically this ".yaml" file stores the artifacts coming from different artifacts



To use config.yaml file we install PyYAML module

To do some small functionalities like reading the yaml file we write code in util.util.py

To use write all the constants(hard coded values) used we use housing.constant.__init__.py

Data Drift: If data statistics gets changed we call as data drift



We will use evidently.ai to monitor it. We will generate graphs of train and test sets. And distribution of each column will be seen from both the datasets. If they are not alligned then there is data drift.If stats of both datasets are same then we say 0% datadrift


In the json file generated by evidently there is a matrice key that will have data to generate matrix of the data 

If training pipeline is already running the new training cant start.

close local host port connection

```
netstat -ano | findstr : 5000
```

Then get Process id of the proces

```
taskkill /PID <PID> /F
```

Deployed 
